README.md, before:

alertlogic-python
=====================

Python interface for Alert Logic Threat Manager for EC2

Check out [Alert Logic's AWS offerings](https://aws.amazon.com/solution-providers/isv/alert-logic)



This software is heavily based on EA2D's [Loggly-Python](https://github.com/EA2D/loggly-python) platform written by Mike Babineau.


Requirements
--------------------
- Alert Logic Cloud account
- simplejson Python module


Installation
--------------------
Install using the provided `setup.py`:

    sudo setup.py install

Or install from PyPI:

    sudo easy_install alertlogic


Library Usage
--------------------
Coming Soon

Contributing
--------------------
Use GitHub's standard fork/commit/pull-request cycle.  If you have any questions, email <joe@joekiller.com>.


License
--------------------

    Copyright 2012 Joseph Lawson

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Notice
--------------------
Copyright 2012 Joseph Lawson

This product includes software developed at
Electronic Arts Inc. (https://github.com/EA2D/loggly-python)

Commit message:

ported from urllib2 to requests.  Incremented to version 0.2.0.
Added history file.

README.md, after:

alertlogic-python
=====================

Python interface for Alert Logic Threat Manager for EC2

Check out [Alert Logic's AWS offerings](https://aws.amazon.com/solution-providers/isv/alert-logic)



This software is heavily based on EA2D's [Loggly-Python](https://github.com/EA2D/loggly-python) platform written by Mike Babineau.


Requirements
--------------------
- Alert Logic Cloud account
- simplejson Python module


Installation
--------------------
Install using the provided `setup.py`:

    sudo setup.py install

Or install from PyPI:

    sudo easy_install alertlogic

To upgrade from a previous version:

    sudo easy_install -U alertlogic


Library Usage
--------------------
Coming Soon

Contributing
--------------------
Use GitHub's standard fork/commit/pull-request cycle.  If you have any questions, email <joe@joekiller.com>.


License
--------------------

    Copyright 2012 Joseph Lawson

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Notice
--------------------
Copyright 2012 Joseph Lawson

This product includes software developed at
Electronic Arts Inc. (https://github.com/EA2D/loggly-python)
